docs: Use `writePartial()` in fluid with atomics example and update buffer docs (#856)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: apps/typegpu-docs/src/content/docs/fundamentals/buffers.mdx

});
```

> When you want to update only a subset of a buffer’s fields, you can use the `.writePartial(data)` method. This method updates only the fields provided in the `data` object and leaves the other fields unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to update only a subset of a buffer’s fields, you can use the `.writePartial(data)` method. This method updates only the fields provided in the `data` object and leaves the other ones unchanged.
```

If you passed your own buffer to the `root.createBuffer` function, you need to ensure it has the `GPUBufferUsage.COPY_DST` usage flag if you want to write to it using the `write` method.
:::

### Partial writes

> When you want to update only a subset of a buffer’s fields, you can use the `.writePartial(data)` method. This method updates only the fields provided in the `data` object and leaves the other ones unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you want to update only a subset of a buffer’s fields, you can use the `.writePartial(data)` method. This method updates only the fields provided in the `data` object and leaves the rest unchanged.
```

Author: This particular word seems to be quite the point of contention 😅
